however is welcome back today I'll be
reviewing a blooping from and 61 these
are power globe beans and I have been
promising you guys if you own these from
a long time now and honestly I want you
to try them for longer and I almost used
them for like three months now and today
I'm here to review these for you guys
you can see my skin it's glowing and I
see a significant reduction in my scars
and hyperpigmentation and my pore size
is reduced a lot so right now you're
seeing my bare face I tilted a little
bit of my brows and put a little bit of
gloss on my lips rest all of my face is
like bare so I'm really impressed how
this thing improved the quality of my
skin and now I'll be giving you more
in-depth review of this thing and please
stay tuned till the end of this video
I'll be putting that eclipse where I'll
be showing my recon Week progress with
these fields so you can see how my skin
was in the starting and how it changed
to this skin so you can like see the
real change and how effective this
product is so you guys know I don't do
skincare review that often because I
can't use skincare products on regular
basis and then like in a week or in a
month I'll give you my review I need to
use them for like a long time and only
if I like it I show to you guys and you
guys know my skin is oily acne prone and
sensitive so I'll show you how I use
this product at the in the end of this
video and now let's move on to the index
review so here is what the box looks
like and I got the one with 30
treatments you can get a packaging of
like ten treatments and sixty treatments
and ten treatment a retail for $28 and
this one was for $62 and the 61 is four
hundred and ten dollars so yeah getting
the bigger box will give you moved
you for your buck but I got this one
because I wanted to review it for you
guys and ten treatment I thought would
be little too like small packaging for
me because it was written at the bag
that you have to initially start with
two times a day and then build it up to
the day like daily frequency but I end
up using it only of two times a week so
till now I am using it two times a week
that's what I recommend to you guys as
well so if you even get ten treatment
things you it will last you for one
month and that would be sufficient for
you to see if it is working for you or
not so I got this one and next time I
plan on getting sixty treatment one
because that would make like that would
last me for like six months and it would
come to around like less than $20 per
month so I would prefer getting that one
so here are the teens and it's called
one minute one-step exfoliating facial
speed so it has glycolic acid salicylic
acid vitamin K bilberry and camel mines
so glycolic acid and salicylic acid are
great for oily acne prone skin and a
truly exfoliate your skin gently it's
better than a harsh scrub so I prefer
this one and vitamin K is really good
for like spider veins on your face so if
you guys suffering from spider veins or
things like that vitamin K is really
good bill very in Tamil mile suits your
skin so that's tart and I love the fact
it's 100% paraben free it's 100% free
from synthetic fragrance and it's
dermatology quickly tested and it's
allergy tested so I didn't get any
allergies after using this but this
product is really strong like when I use
it on my face for first five or ten
minutes I feel a strong tingle or stink
effect on my face so that is something
you have to be
nice so you will get that tingling
sensation all over your face so if you
cannot bear that I don't think this
product is for you but if you can bear
that it's like amazing like really I use
it Tuesdays and Thursdays and next day
my skin is super glowy so here is the
entire ingredient list so you can see it
has water alcohol glycolic acid so it's
good glycolic acid is coming in top-line
because that means this thing has good
amount of glycolic acid which is really
good and in second line you can see they
have salicylic acid as well so the
ingredients in here are really potent
and nowhere in the packaging it is
mentioned that what percentage of
glycolic acid is in here actually but I
can tell you it's pretty strong I have
been using it for like three months
all my fours are like minimized my dark
spots are gone my skin texture has
improved a lot so at the back you can
see it says how to apply it in the
direction so it says just apply
pre-soaked tablet all over your dry skin
and you can put it all over your neck
and back off your hands as well that's
what I used to do then also I had few
burn marks on my arms I use it on those
burn marks and those marks are
significantly reduced which shows how
effective this product is and you can
see like you are not supposed to apply
it around your eye so this product has
really high concentration of ingredients
like glycolic acid and salicylic acid so
I like that about it now I'll be opening
it up so you can even tear it along this
perforated line which I never end up
doing because I wanted to show you the
whole box so you can see I have around
five or six treatments left
so that's how this product comes like it
comes in the pouch and each pouch has
one towelette so it looks like this so
now what I do is I use one towelette per
use and I use it two times a week and
that is what I recommend to you guys as
well because I don't know using it more
than two times a week might be little
harsh on your skin so I don't do that so
I won't recommend so that's how this
peel looks like and at the end of this
video I'll show you clip there I'm
applying this feeling on my face so that
you can see how I lose it but for now
you can see this is the packaging you
have directions and everything at the
back of the packaging and I love this
thing because you whenever you are
traveling you can take one or two peels
with you and these are like very travel
friendly and you need not to carry the
whole box or hold you so that's what I
love about this so that's how it looks
like also if you guys want to get little
bit more uses out of this piece you can
cut this field in half and that half
peel is enough for one die news I
generally use one full peel and add the
NS crease out the juices from the
towelette and apply it on my face so now
I got this thing from Macy's and Metis
has all the three variants like ten
thirty and sixty packaging if you want
to order it off me these you can get it
from Macy's and Macy's also has amazing
return policy so if you don't like the
product or it's a little bit too harsh
for your skin you can always go back and
get refund but if you don't have Metis
around you I would say get it off Amazon
it's available there I'll put the links
of Macy's and Amazon in the description
box go check it out and I would like to
throw it out that this video is not
sponsored
I bought this product with my own money
and I used it I liked it that's why I'm
letting you guys know about it and I
really really trust this product and I
will be buying this product again
because it really makes my skin
beautiful and Khloe so that was my
review on this product I hope you like
it and now I'll be moving on to my week
on week updates and at the last I will
show you how I apply this product I hope
you like it
and to give this video a thumbs up
follow me on Instagram I'm trying to
build my own audience there and I'm
trying to post as many times as I can
and I generally do outfit of the day or
makeup of the day looks there so go
follow me there support me and I catch
you in my next video till then bye bye
the peeking eyes and today are we
telling you how I take it I am tearing
it apart and people are coming out of it
with us
PD is literally saturated with the
product so now here is a teal just open
it up
now you can cut it in half from here and
you have to PD now and half afterward
and that way you can use single pack for
two times but I use a single team for
one time as I do it twice a week so
that's how I bake the Phillies and the
solidus well this big and saturated with
the product lot hi guys - how my face
looks like and I have used m61 glycolic
acid and salicylic acid peel for once
and thats how my skin looks like and I
don't notice any changes but I feel my
skin is very plumped up and my pores are
minimized and so if you can hear
background noises that's my laundry and
it's ticking loud so you can see and
I'll be checking in my weekly progress
so I'll be using this peel two times a
week this is my face after first time
use of the ski and I was recording my
progress for a month and then as
reviewing it for you Carrie hi guys it's
been two week and I have been using this
peel twice a week so I have use this
field for time now and that's how my
face looks like and personally I Salim
my spots are fading a little bit you can
see the spot right here it's fading and
agency to spot on beach in Nashville and
I feel they are fading away I'm happy so
far for I think they are okay noticed a
lot of difference and that common skin
looks like right now and oxide ice its
first week update and I was not able to
update you guys for past 2 or 3 weeks so
that's how my face looks like right now
my post looks good they are not large
day or little smaller now and my face
has nice glow to it then my curls my
acne scars have faded a little bit so
that's how my face looks like after 5
eco fuels and
yes I have been using it toys every week
so other fitting you next week
hi guys I'm here to update on my m61
facial speed and therefore my face looks
like I really love the way my cars are
feeding and my skin is becoming more
toned so that's how my face looks like
for now and I have been continuously
using this twice a week and I have
missed any week till now and I have made
few updates and I was not able to record
but I've been using it continuously so
that's how my face looks like so far and
soon I'll be coming up with a full
review on this product